Finished in this week:
- Dockerize flask application
- Finish New/Old User Recommendation Functionalities, (recommend simialr user + similar high-rate movie)
- Finish online similarity search engine - Faiss, replace previous self-implement algo.

# 1. Python
#### 1.1 Error Handler
Using try-except-finally
```
try:
    <implement your logic>
except:
    <If has any Error, implement some logics>
finally:
    <whether Error existed or not, run these logics after try-except block>
```

#### 1.2 Faiss Framework
Faiss is a **Linux/MacOS only** python 3rd party framework, it's used for online vector similarity searching. 
##### 1.2.1 installation
First thing i was stucked at the first time is the installation part. When you directly run command **pip install faiss**, you might face error like this **NoModuleERROR: _swig<something like this>**, which mean you still need to install **swig related classes**. In my side, i finally succeed by follow command **apt-get -y install libopenblas-dev , apt-get -y install libomp-dev**.
##### 1.2.2 How to use IndexIDMAP + IndexFlatL2
**Note:** Faiss only allow float32 matrix, need to convert your input matrix.

There are many "Index" Object in Faiss, some of them need to train. IndexFlatL2 is most simple one, which can be used without training. **But IndexFlatL2 didn't support add_with_ids function, since in my case we need to add our specfic movie id.** So we still need to embed a defined index matrix inside with our user-feature matrix.

At this time, we need to use another Index object called **IndexIDMap**, which is used for embed IndexFlatL2 into a new index (an index can be used add_with_ids())

Let's see how to use this package to search similarity
```python
import faiss
## suppose that you has a two matrix, one is users-features matrix, one is new user-feature. you wanna find most similar user with the new user.

users_features_matrix = <A numpy matrix>.astype("float32")
newuser_feature = <A numpy vector>.astype("float32")

## 1. import matrix as faiss object
index = faiss.IndexFlatL2(users_features_matrix.shape[1])
ids = <a numpy array you can define>
index2 = faiss.IndexIDMap(index)
index2.add_with_ids(users_features_matrix, ids)

## 2. Search and find topK similar
topK = 5
Score, Index = index2.search(newuser_feature, topK)

```
Here is a article for searching algorithm used for Faiss Framework: https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/111502331

#### 1.3 PyMongo Library
In current project, we directly use Flask-PyMongo ( https://flask-pymongo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ ) Library, which is bridge between flask and MongoDB, but if we switch to another web-framework, how to connect with MongoDB. Let's learn about most general library PyMongo.

```python
import pymongo

## Connect with MongoDB
from pymongo import MongoClient

mongoDB = "<you mongoDB link>"
client = MongoClient(mongoDB)
db = client.<DB name>
collection = db.<collection name>

## Query - Find
Data = collection.find_one({"<key>": <value>})
```



